# CompSci 390 APT Update
_By Murilo Calegari and Teya Evans_

This project updates the Duke CompsSci's APT submission system
to improve the experience for students.


### Update Ideas and Thoughts

* Revamped the UI to be more modern and intuitive,
in addition to using a more modern framework (React).
* Included a new feature that allows students to complete a quiz before submitting their APT, hopefully ensuring that they have indeed understood the assignment and are able to think of an algorithm to solve it.
* Included dark mode feature. Looks cool.


### Attributions

* Website template can be found at [RSuite's Admin Dashboard Template](https://github.com/rsuite/rsuite-admin-template), some of the dark mode code was drawn from [RSuite's Project template](https://github.com/rsuite/rsuite-project-template). 

* Some (only partially successful) help from ChatGPT for small bug fixes and for generating some of the mock data from the original APT's HTML page.
* GitHub Copilot was active during the development of this project, with occasional boilerplate code being generated by it. It was not used for the website's architecture and component design.


### How to Run the Program (if necessary)

You must have NodeJS installed. We tested the website on NodeJS v18.11.0, but it should work on any version of NodeJS v18 or higher.

To run the website, run the following commands in the root directory of the project:

```
npm install
npm run dev
```

The website should now be running on `localhost:3100`.

For deployment, you may run the `npm run build` command, and then serve the `assets` folder with a web server of your choice.

A live version of the website can be found at [new-apt-website.vercel.app](https://new-apt-website.vercel.app).


### Notes

* The website is not fully functional, as it is missing a connection to an backend. The website is only a mockup of the new UI, and does not actually submit anything to Duke's APT system.
* The website is only partially responsive, as it was not designed to be used on mobile devices. It is recommended to use the website on a desktop computer.

## License

MIT © [Murilo Calegari](https://github.com/simonguo) and [Teya Evans](https://github.com/teyaevans)

---
# CompSci 390 Book Update
## Murilo Calegari and Teya Evans


### Update Ideas and Thoughts

* We used a modern MDX format to render the pages, which allow for easy combination of Markdown text and React components.
* We have some interactive code runners drawing from CodeSandbox embed feature. These allow students to run code in the browser, and see the output of their code.
* We had a quiz feature
* We decided to break down lessons into pre-class, in-class, and post-class sections, to help students better understand the material.
* We embedded Kahoot and a Microsoft Forms for in-class interactivity.


### Attributions

* Website template can be found at [RSuite's Admin Dashboard Template](https://github.com/rsuite/rsuite-admin-template), some of the dark mode code was drawn from [RSuite's Project template](https://github.com/rsuite/rsuite-project-template).

* Some (only partially successful) help from ChatGPT for small bug fixes and for generating code in Javascript that was originally written in Python.
* GitHub Copilot was active during the development of this project, with occasional boilerplate code being generated by it. It was not used for the website's architecture and component design.


### How to Run the Program (if necessary)

You must have NodeJS installed. We tested the website on NodeJS v18.11.0, but it should work on any version of NodeJS v18 or higher.

To run the website, run the following commands in the root directory of the project:

```
npm install
npm run dev
```
